# Configuration Properties

JoularJX can be configured by modifying the ```config.properties``` files:
- ```filter-method-names```: list of strings which will be used to filter the monitored methods (see Generated files below for explanations).
- ```save-runtime-data```: write runtime methods power consumption in a CSV file.
- ```overwrite-runtime-data```: overwrite runtime power data files, or if set to false, it will write new files for each monitoring cycle.
- ```logger-level```: set the level of information (by logger) given by JoularJX in the terminal (allowed values: OFF, INFO, WARNING, SEVERE).
- ```powermonitor-path```: Full path to the power monitor program (only for Windows).
- ```track-consumption-evolution```: generate CSV files for each method containing details of the method's consumption over the time. Each consumption value is mapped to an Unix timestamp.
- ```hide-agent-consumption```: if set to true, the energy consumption of the agent threads will not be reported.
- ```enable-call-trees-consumption```: compute methods call trees energy consumption. A CSV file will be generated at the end of the agent's execution, associating to each call tree it's total energy consumption.
- ```save-call-trees-runtime-data```: write runtime call trees power consumption in a CSV file. For each monitoring cycle (1 second), a new CSV file will be generated, containing the runtime power consumption of the call trees. The generated files will include timestamps in their names.
- ```overwrite-call-trees-runtime-data```: overwrite runtime call trees power data file, or if set to false, it will write new file for each monitoring cycle.
- ```application-server```: properly handles application servers and frameworks (Sprig Boot, Tomcat, etc.). Set ```true``` when running on application servers. If ```false```, the monitoring loop will check if the JVM is destroyed, hence closing JoularJX when the application ends (in regular Java application). If ```true```, JoularJX will continue to monitor correctly as the JVM isn't destroyed in a application server.
- ```vm-power-path```: the path for the power consumption of the virtual machine. Inside a virtual machine, indicate the file containing power consumption of the VM (which is usually a file in the host that is shared with the guest).
- ```vm-power-format```: power format of the shared VM power file. We currently support two formats: ```watts``` (a file containing one float value which is the power consumption of the VM), and ```powerjoular``` (a csv file generated by [PowerJoular](https://github.com/joular/powerjoular) in the host, containing 3 columns: timestamp, CPU utilization of the VM and CPU power of the VM).
- `joular-core`: if set to `true`, use Joular Core instead of JoularJX internal CPU power calculations.
- `joular-core-ring-buffer`: if [Joular Core](https://github.com/joular/joularcore) is set to `true`, and this property is also set to `true`, then get power data from Joular Core through a shareed memory ring buffer.
- `joular-core-path`: the full path of [Joular Core](https://github.com/joular/joularcore) binary.
- `joular-core-parameters`: the parameters to run Joular Core with. It must be `-c cpu -i`.
- `joular-core-ringbuffer-path`: the path to Joular Core ring buffer.
- 
You can install the jar package (and the PowerMonitor.exe on Windows) wherever you want, and call it in the ```javaagent``` with the full path.
However, ```config.properties``` must be copied to the same folder as where you run the Java command.